contrib : refresh (#10593)
ggml-org/llama.cpp: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Pull requests (for contributors)

- Test your changes:

>   - Run the `test-backend-ops` tool to validate different backend implementations of the `ggml` operators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If you modified GGML, run the `test-backend-ops` tool to check whether different backend implementations of the GGML operators produce consistent results (this requires access to at least two different GGML backends). If you modify an operator or add a new one, add the corresponding test cases. 
```
